Update several CNI related doc. (#10140)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/platform-setup/gke/index.md

    {{< /tip >}}

    {{< warning >}}

>     To use the Istio CNI feature, please check [CNI installation guide](/docs/setup/additional-setup/cni/#prerequisites)

Reviewer: s/check/check the/

>     To use the Istio CNI feature, please check the [CNI installation guide](/docs/setup/additional-setup/cni/#prerequisites)
>     for the prerequisite to install Istio CNI on GKE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To use the Istio CNI feature, please check the [installation guide](/docs/setup/additional-setup/cni/#prerequisites)
    for prerequisite cluster configuration steps.
```
